README.md, before:

# aamingem.xyz

---
The source code of my website on [aamingem.xyz](https://www.aamingem.xyz/)

The website is hosted using GitHub pages. The SSL Certificate is also from GitHub pages.
The main branch is the one visible on [aamingem.xyz](https://www.aamingem.xyz/)

The website is running using GitHubs DNSs

To contribute, just fork the repository and submit a Pull Request.

---
A few subdomains are
- [donate.aamingem.xyz](http://donate.aamingem.xyz)
- [github.aamingem.xyz](http://github.aamingem.xyz)
- [instagram.aamingem.xyz](http://instagram.aamingem.xyz)
- [survey.aamingem.xyz](http://survey.aamingem.xyz)

for their respective purposes

---
If you live where I live, you should be able to locally access the website through [this link](http://192.168.22.169).

*Note: The website is only available in http locally*

---
### [/does-hkh-have-internet](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/does-hkh-have-internet/index.html)

This webpage attempts to load a payload from my home server through a telebit-tunnel.\
When the payload is successfully loaded,
it displays "Yes" respectively to show that HKH does indeed have internet,
however if it fails to load the payload, it assumes that HKH does not have internet. \
It also means, that if my home server is down for maintenance, it'll be assumed that HKH does not have internet.

---
### [/donate](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/donate/index.html)

Simple page to redirect to [donate.aamingem.xyz](http://donate.aamingem.xyz)

---
### [/github](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/github/index.html)

Simple page to redirect to [github.aamingem.xyz](http://github.aamingem.xyz)

---
### [/instagram](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/instagram/index.html)

Simple page to redirect to [instagram.aamingem.xyz](http://instagram.aamingem.xyz)

---
### [/surveys](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/surveys/index.html)

A page where to show the active surveys and their [results](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/surveys/results/index.html) \
*Note: [survey.aamingem.xyz](http://survey.aamingem.xyz) redirects to the most recent survey taking place at the moment, 
whereas [/surveys](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/surveys/index.html) lists all the active surveys*

Commit message:

Added resume page to the docs

README.md, after:

# aamingem.xyz

---
The source code of my website on [aamingem.xyz](https://www.aamingem.xyz/)

The website is hosted using GitHub pages. The SSL Certificate is also from GitHub pages.
The main branch is the one visible on [aamingem.xyz](https://www.aamingem.xyz/)

The website is running using GitHubs DNSs

To contribute, just fork the repository and submit a Pull Request.

---
A few subdomains are
- [donate.aamingem.xyz](http://donate.aamingem.xyz)
- [github.aamingem.xyz](http://github.aamingem.xyz)
- [instagram.aamingem.xyz](http://instagram.aamingem.xyz)
- [survey.aamingem.xyz](http://survey.aamingem.xyz)

for their respective purposes

---
If you live where I live, you should be able to locally access the website through [this link](http://192.168.22.169).

*Note: The website is only available in http locally*

---
### [/does-hkh-have-internet](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/does-hkh-have-internet/index.html)

This webpage attempts to load a payload from my home server through a telebit-tunnel.\
When the payload is successfully loaded,
it displays "Yes" respectively to show that HKH does indeed have internet,
however if it fails to load the payload, it assumes that HKH does not have internet. \
It also means, that if my home server is down for maintenance, it'll be assumed that HKH does not have internet.

---
### [/donate](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/donate/index.html)

Simple page to redirect to [donate.aamingem.xyz](http://donate.aamingem.xyz)

---
### [/github](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/github/index.html)

Simple page to redirect to [github.aamingem.xyz](http://github.aamingem.xyz)

---
### [/instagram](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/instagram/index.html)

Simple page to redirect to [instagram.aamingem.xyz](http://instagram.aamingem.xyz)

---
### [/resume](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/resume/index.html)

Simple page which loads [resume.pdf](https://www.aamingem.xyz/resume/) from my server using a tunnel. Should work as 
long as my localhost is up and running.

---
### [/surveys](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/surveys/index.html)

A page where to show the active surveys and their [results](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/surveys/results/index.html) \
*Note: [survey.aamingem.xyz](http://survey.aamingem.xyz) redirects to the most recent survey taking place at the moment, 
whereas [/surveys](https://github.com/babyygemperor/babyygemperor.github.io/blob/main/surveys/index.html) lists all the active surveys*
